	Task 1:
I implemented the traps and Jack just like Sally. Traps can be discovered and all bombs
cleared.
	Task 2 Collisons:
I decided to introduce plan repair moves for west, north, south, and east and introduce
randomness since if these repairs fail, they won't call another repair.
If an agent tries to go east and fails, it will have a 1 in 4 chance of going south,
and a 3 in 4 chance of going north. West is the opposite and north/south do the same
with east/west. In this way, if two robots are trying to go in the exact opposite direction,
then they will go in opposite to fix it(most of the time). 
If agents collide on the edges, then without the randomness, they can get stuck.
They will remain stuck until the right combo of random movements get them out 
(which normally isn't that long).
In most cases, the robots will have to travel farther to get to their destination.
	Task 3 Following:

Task 4:
Independent search: jill.2apl and sally.2apl

Half and Half: jill_half.2apl and sally_half.2apl

I found that having jill and sally split was the most robust and efficient of the 
half, independent, and just sally strategies.

Improved: jill_improved_search.2apl and sally_improved_seach.2apl
I assumed that the world will always be 16x16 since sally has random(15) 
hardcoded.
The most efficient plan will have the scan areas not intersect the most.
The circles have a diameter of 10. To get the left corner, the robots must be in these positions:
3,3 (UL); 14,3 (UR); 3,15 (LL); 14,15 (LR)
If we had each robot patrol up and down, then we would miss the middle row. My plan
has one robot move one square closer to the center each way.
In this way, the circles never intersect and all squares get covered.
This one is efficient and robust since it covers as much area as it can. It has 
the best performance.

Task 5:
Harry should be responsible for the deletion of a trap since he keeps
the state/belief. Since Harry cannot sense traps or bombs, he must rely on state and messages.
My addition makes it do that if Henry fails on a drop or is told that there is a bomb
where he thinks there is trap, he knows he dropped a bomb where a trap was erased.